com/project/pokedex/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/FragmentFavoritesBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.FragmentFavoritesBinding
com/project/pokedex/views/fragments/PokemonListFragmentDirections.java
 com.project.pokedex.views.fragments.PokemonListFragmentDirections
 com.project.pokedex.views.fragments.PokemonListFragmentDirections$1
 com.project.pokedex.views.fragments.PokemonListFragmentDirections$ActionPokemonListFragmentToPokemonDetailFragment
com/project/pokedex/databinding/EmptyListWidgetBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.EmptyListWidgetBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/FragmentPokemonFavoritesBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.FragmentPokemonFavoritesBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/FragmentHomePokemonBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.FragmentHomePokemonBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/AbilitiesListBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.AbilitiesListBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/FragmentPokemonRecentBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.FragmentPokemonRecentBinding
com/project/pokedex/db/PokemonFavoritesDB_Impl.java
 com.project.pokedex.db.PokemonFavoritesDB_Impl
 com.project.pokedex.db.PokemonFavoritesDB_Impl$1
com/project/pokedex/databinding/StatsListBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.StatsListBinding
com/project/pokedex/BuildConfig.java
 com.project.pokedex.BuildConfig
com/project/pokedex/databinding/FragmentPokemonDetailBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.FragmentPokemonDetailBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/FragmentPokemonListBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.FragmentPokemonListBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/ItemFavoriteCellBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.ItemFavoriteCellBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/FragmentTrainerBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.FragmentTrainerBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/ItemRecentCellBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.ItemRecentCellBinding
com/project/pokedex/databinding/ItemAllCellBinding.java
 com.project.pokedex.databinding.ItemAllCellBinding
com/project/pokedex/db/dao/PokemonFavoritesDAO_Impl.java
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonFavoritesDAO_Impl
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonFavoritesDAO_Impl$1
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonFavoritesDAO_Impl$2
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonFavoritesDAO_Impl$3
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonFavoritesDAO_Impl$4
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonFavoritesDAO_Impl$5
com/project/pokedex/views/fragments/TrainerFragmentDirections.java
 com.project.pokedex.views.fragments.TrainerFragmentDirections
com/project/pokedex/views/fragments/PokemonDetailFragmentArgs.java
 com.project.pokedex.views.fragments.PokemonDetailFragmentArgs
 com.project.pokedex.views.fragments.PokemonDetailFragmentArgs$1
 com.project.pokedex.views.fragments.PokemonDetailFragmentArgs$Builder
com/project/pokedex/db/PokemonRecentsDB_Impl.java
 com.project.pokedex.db.PokemonRecentsDB_Impl
 com.project.pokedex.db.PokemonRecentsDB_Impl$1
com/project/pokedex/db/dao/PokemonRecentDAO_Impl.java
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonRecentDAO_Impl
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonRecentDAO_Impl$1
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonRecentDAO_Impl$2
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonRecentDAO_Impl$3
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonRecentDAO_Impl$4
 com.project.pokedex.db.dao.PokemonRecentDAO_Impl$5
